- **Always keep the story moving.** Every failure is an opportunity to force the characters to adapt and grow. No failed check should stop the narrative in its track! Don't let the players get stuck in circles of deliberation; feel free to make the world intervene if they've been planning or sitting around too long!
- **Experiment with aesthetic.** This system is built in a way where you have a lot of flexibility as to what an attack or ability looks like. Get creative if you feel like it! Most classes are built with bare mechanics in the abilities and some tips on what it all should look and feel like at the start of the class. Add flavor!
- **Let people break the game.** Let them go off-script, make up new abilities, make rash decisions! Just scale the Action Difficulty and the opposition's resistance to match. Make sure the world's rules are consistent, but favor rulings over strict rules.
- **Let the session plan and overall plot evolve.** Don't force your plan through! Let the game be what *it* wants to be.
- **Invite collaboration in the narrative and the worldbuilding.** Your players have creativity, personal taste, and ideas about how to make things interesting. Some of the coolest choices come from new players who don't have a firm conception of how tabletop roleplaying should even be played.
- **Rule of cool.** If a choice is interesting, cool, or adds productive conflict, figure out a way to make the choice possible even if it's technically against the rules!
- **Honor careful planning.** If characters take the time to make a detailed play or come up with a creative way to overcome an obstacle, reward them with lowered difficulty or greater rewards! Feel free to complicate their plans, but they should feel good about thinking outside of the box.
- **Immerse yourself and your players in the world.** The most immersive worlds feel like they exist outside the lives of your PCs. React to what your players are doing, and set consistent narrative and worldbuilding rules!
- **Bring your NPCs to life.** Give them their own motivations, loyalties, and backstories. Don't hesitate give NPCs relationships with other people in the world. The most compelling conflicts are ones that directly affect the NPCs around you.
- **Give descriptive details.** Don't monologue too much, but feel free to detail what the world looks like, smells like, how it makes the PCs feel, small quirks that make it interesting.
- **Don't use rude surprises.** If something is dangerous, show your players clearly how dangerous it is! If they're getting into something that could kill them, let them know far ahead of time so you're not killing their characters out of nowhere; nobody likes a Total Party Kill out of nowhere.
- **Honor interesting narrative choices.** Don't penalize players for making cool choices, especially if it's what their characters would do! Make sure risky decisions carry appropriate consequences, but don't punish a character for doing something rash especially if it makes the narrative more fun.
- **Trick your players, but don't insult them.** You're telling a story together: feel free to mislead them, have NPCs betray them, or try to get them into trouble. But don't be hostile: make it clear that you care about your players having a good experience.